Hey, guys, what's up?
This is American and welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Ruby.
So here are we are starting on with a new section.
And in this section, what we are going to do is that we are going to download the compiler for Ruby
and we are going to set up the environment.
We are going to use that is going to be the ATM.
So starting on with the downloading of the setup, will you have to do is that you have to just go on
to your browser window and you have to go on to this website that is Ruby installer dot org slash downloads.
And when you go on to this website, you will see a series of links that says With death, good without
death, good.
And a lot of others.
So what do you have to do is that you have to go on to any of these?
The latest word over here is the Ruby plus Debka two point seven point or dash one.
That is 64 bit system.
So over here, it says that it is recommended that you use Ruby deep, get two point six into 64 installer,
which is right over here.
So I'm going to be using this one if you want to use this one.
You are surely welcome to use it.
It's going to create no problem.
But I'm going on with this one, so I'm going to just click on it.
And the download is going to start.
I'm going to click on download now and then I'm going to wait for a setup so that it is downloaded because
it is I wanted to do and be set up.
So when you download, it's finished.
You have to just go on to the download folders.
And in the programs you will see that you have this Rubins troller with the decade that is two one six
one five.
That is the Virgin release.
So you are going to just double click it and you have to accept the license.
You got no other choice.
Just click next and just click on it as well.
Just click on Next again.
And the setup is preparing to install Ruby and as watched as to on your computer.
All right, so our setup has now been completed and you have to remain this box as check, which says
that run our EDEK installed to set up WMS wires to end development toolchain.
Ms.
Vaastu is required to install Jem's with the extension.
So you have to remain in check and just click on Finish and it is going to launch the CMT back for you
with certain options that are going to just pop in a second.
All right.
So it says Ruby Installer two for Windows, and it is asking now for the option which can potentially
be installed.
And it is giving you three options.
The first one, says Mswati, as to base installation.
The second one is Mazwai HESTA system, a date that is optional.
And the third one is Mazwai HESTA and M and UW Development Toolchain.
Now, the previous dayme installed it.
I did it with this option of a three, but it generated some errors because some of the system updates
were not available because I did not run this option.
So the best option over here is to run all the three of these.
So just click on one click enter.
And wait, while the base installation for this setup is completed.
It will take some time because it is basically extracting each and every folder that has been downloaded
in the previous case and it is going to install it from the very start.
And then what we are going to do is that we are going to go with option number two that deals with the
system a bit.
And then finally, we are going to be going on with the MSCI as to am I and GW Development Toolchain
and basically the M I and GW development toolchain is what is the most important of all of our help.
All right, so the first installation is completed and it says that Mazwai still seems to be properly
installed, it is giving you a warning message, that discussion.
This is the first time of Mswati, as do you, must restart Shell to apply necessary actions.
We will restart that in later.
You just type in two because one is now completed, this one with two for the system update.
It is optional, but it is best for you to go on with it so that any kind of system update is missing
for Mazwai S2 that is going to be installed.
And what it is going to do is it is going to check in the package database.
As you can see that it is saying that synchronising package database's, it is searching and it is going
to install and update any kind of system update that is required for Ms.
Flyest.
True.
That is not present in your system.
All right, so the system modules have been updated.
It took a long time because it was a very lengthy process.
A lot of things here were upgraded.
So now let's go on with the option number three.
Just click on three.
That is the Mazwai S2 and am I and GW Development Toolchain.
So it is also going to take some time.
All right.
It is completed, I guess.
So now we have got all the three of these completed and we have completed them successfully, as you
have seen the succeeded message with all three of them.
So now basically, Ruby is installed on our systems now to check on your system that if it is available
and if it is installed successfully or not, if you want to just verify it, just go on to the search
button ivancich and that will open the command prompt for you on the command prompt.
But you have to do is just right in Ruby.
Hyphen, we click enter, and it is going to give you the version that is installed on your system,
so on my system it says Ruby two point six point fifty one one four.
And as you can see that it has this amazing GW, all the 64 bit system over here as well.
So this means that Ruby is now successfully installed on my systems.
Now you have all the configurations for Ruby to one six point five on your system, now what you need
is a text editor.
So the text editor we are going to be using is named as Adam.
Adam is basically a free and open source text and source, of course, editor for almost all the kind
of systems you want to work on, maybe the Mac operating system, maybe the Lennix or it be the Microsoft
Windows.
It has the support for the plugins that are written in notebooks and embedded git control that is developed
by the GitHub.
So Adam is a desktop application that is built using the Web technologies, so.
To install Adam on your system, where you're going to do is that just go on here, just dive in.
Adam, Dotti, all click, enter.
And this website is going to pop up and all you have to do is that you just click on download and this
is the campell compatibility.
It is for a 64 bit for Windows seven non-literary.
Just click on download now.
And the downloading process or the atom is going to start on, which is basically going to be the text
editor for who recording, so it is a heavy set of that is 179 country movies.
That is going to take some time.
So now the Edem Saddam is installed successfully and in the downloads programs folder, you can see
here that I have got a 64 bit Saddam of the atom, so I just double click on it.
All right.
So the atom set up is now running.
It says that atom is being installed and it will launch once it is done.
So it will take some time.
So I will just pause the video here.
And when it is completed, I'll just go on and continue with this video.
All right, so the atom is now being successfully installed on your system just below this, and it
is asking you to open a project, virgin control, collaborate, install a package, choose a team,
customize the styling, hack on the A script.
So this is basically the atom compiler we are going to be using for Obama will be coding.
So I will make you friendly with this compiler and we will be installing the atom runner as well on
this compiler, which is basically a package.
And we will be doing that in the next tutorial, I guess of what this tutorial.
I hope you have successfully also installed Adam as well as there will be two point six point five on
your systems.
If you have any kind of problem, do let me know.
I'll help you out.
So I guess that's it.
Would destroy studio.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.